BZ1886810: Updated operator-sdk appendices to have updated types (#36938)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-project-staffolding-layout.adoc

The `operator-sdk` CLI generates a number of packages for each Operator project. The following sections describes a basic rundown of each generated file and directory.

[id="osdk-project-scaffolding-layout-go_{context}"]
== Ansible-based projects

Ansible-based Operator projects generated using the `operator-sdk new --type ansible` command contain the following directories and files:

[options="header",cols="1,2"]
|===

|File/folders |Purpose

|`molecule/`

> |Contains the files that are used for testing the ansible roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Contains the files that are used for testing the Ansible roles.
```

// |`molecule/cluster`

> // |Contains files that is used to run an end-to-end test of your operator against an existing cluster. The operator image needs to be available to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// |Contains files that are used to run an end-to-end test of your Operator against an existing cluster. The Operator image needs to be available to the cluster.
```

Reviewer: `The Operator image needs to be available to the cluster.`
* You discuss two Operators, and it's not immediately clear which Operator this sentence refers to.

// |`molecule/templates`

> // |Contains Jinja templates that are used by multiple scenarios to configure the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: s/by/in 
What do you think?
Unless 'scenario' in this context is jargon, and can be used as the subject of 'use'.

Author: Currently this piece is commented deliberately, so that SME can take a look and suggest whether the description needs to be at a subfolder level

Author: And scenario is a jargon here, will re-verify with SME on this and make necessary changes.

// |`molecule/test-local`

> // |Contains files that run a full end-to-end test of your operator. It does not require an existing cluster or external registry, and can run in CI environments that allow users to run privileged containers, for example, Travis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// |Contains files that run a full end-to-end test of your Operator. It does not require an existing cluster or external registry, and can run in CI environments that allow users to run privileged containers, such as Travis.
```

Reviewer: `It does not require ...`
* The antecedent of `It` is not clear. Perhaps you mean `The test`?

Author: Noted the comment. Will implement once I get a feedback from SME.

|`roles/`

> |Contains the helm chart used while creating the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Contains the Helm chart used while creating the project.
```
